now you know it's amazing is it this is
actually concrete I mean these guys are
in here laying this on the floor which
you know what look at this just know
that no other contest in the history of
action sports no X Games no Dew Tour no
no one has ever done spent the money or
the time to build a full real concrete
course like the sport evolved inside
that urban environment these this is
more replicating a handrail and Century
City Los Angeles this is like a
schoolyard in outside of Scottsdale you
know what I mean it's a pic taking these
F are cut natural architecture will form
something that makes it perfectly
skateable and basically what we're doing
is we're creating what's skateable
you'll never find anything like that in
the natural streets or a skatepark this
is all built one of a kind each and
every one of these stops and and the
beauty about it is is I would equate it
to how like they would talk about golf
courses right and and a golf course just
playing incredibly difficult because the
greens are extra fast and and the
fairways are so long you know and it's
like what this course this particular
one is is it's everything's super big
and really hard to skate so it's gonna
really change the dynamic and the style
of the skating that's gonna happen in
this event than the other events how'd
you get them to buy in I and when I say
that is I mean no matter where you go
once you get to it so you you mentioned
it yourself these are million they're
earning millions of dollars and they're
coming together to say you know what I
know what you're talking about
I want to be a part of that it's because
I've done so much work I'm from the
sport and I've I have created so
innovative but yet makes so much sense
to not only the pro skateboarders
because they want something like this so
bad
but to the sponsors and to my partners
and people that I'm with like that are
just like this is the future of our
sport and the reality of it is is
skateboarders you know don't really want
to be mixed into all they don't want to
be action sport skateboarders want to be
skateboarding and they want to walk into
this world you know look at this society
we're inside jobing.com arena in this
giant
when the crowds Boeing and these guys
are putting it down for 150,000
understand this the the do tours first
prize is $15,000 okay it's like the
total prize money for the tour is like
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
this is 1.6 million 150 thousand dollar
first prize and only 10 guys from this
third contest make it to our Super Bowl
where it's a winner-take-all for a
$10,000 watch and ring and a $200,000
first prize like it's it's a big deal
is the dream because you talked about
this already look we're in jobing.com
arena but is the dream when that little
ten-year-old eight year old then comes
in here and says you hey but I was
sitting in that seat when I saw Pierre
I'd win the whole thing or when I saw
you turn around and make serious it just
gave me chills but this gave me chills
you put so much passion 100% but check
this out for a really weird thing like I
you know this this sort what what do I
call this is a skate plaza right and in
2005 I built the very first one in the
world right and I build it in my
hometown in Kettering Ohio because I
wanted to show the world like look I'm
gonna build this little plaza in Ohio
and it's gonna it's gonna revolutionize
the skateboarding worldwide now that
before it opened there was like an 11
year old kid who skated the biggest
section and was doing tricks down the
biggest section I was just like man who
is this little kid oh this is this
little kid from from Chicago named Chaz
and so I did a documentary and he was in
the documentary he is now our number 2
ranked professional street skater in
this illegal right and now yeah it's 17
years old so it's like it's a I've
already lived that to a degree you know
we're all it's like funny to me looking
back like oh my god you know like five
years ago that was him like or six years
ago and and I expect that exact same
thing that we're like this is because I
look at it to is the way I've structured
this is there there's historical numbers
coming out of these series unlike action
sports doesn't have that what makes
traditional sports so incredible it's
like if Kobe Bryant scores 25 in the
first quarter we're like oh my god he
might have a hundred point game you know
like if it fits the playoff game in Kobe
only had four points and we're all the
way to the fourth quarter we know his
season average is 32 points and he's
having a horrible game and all of that
data from average landed scores to
consistency ratings to highest scorers
all of that is in this format and
competition I'm created so I'm building
historical numbers and not only easily
understandable stuff where you could say
like oh Ryan Sheckler
he got eliminated in the first section
but he was clearly off his game this
week and he usually skates it with a 6.5
average that he was at a 4.4 he just
wasn't on this week and it's all that
same stuff that eventually fans will be
educated with the same way you know you
know about baseball statistic statistics
with with batting percentages and ER a s
because it's been around you your whole
life you know and I'm basically
developing all that that stuff that will
lay the foundation for what this sport
is for the next hundred years